X25519 (#45)
iotaledger/crypto.rs: .changes/x25519.md

---
"iota-crypto": minor
---

> Add the X25519 function (aka Curve25519) to add support for public key
> derivation and Diffie-Hellman exchanges using the Curve25519 curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add X25519 Diffie-Hellman key exchange and public key derivation using the Curve25519 curve.
```
